I was right!
It is coming!
The female-form Titan!
The female-form Titan emerged again.
defeating the members of the elite
Levi Squad one after another.
I'll kill you!
Blaming himself for having entrusted
the battle to his comrades.
Eren transformed and battled
the female-form Titan.
However. he is defeated and
captured by the female-form Titan.
Give Eren back!
No matter where she goes. I'll kill her.
rip her wide open.
and dig you out of that filth.
Just hang on a little longer.
Don't give up Eren.
never give up!
Wait!
Wh-What are you...
Fall back for now.
Sync and corrections by masaca
-addic7ed.com -
The Defeated
57th Expedition Beyond the Walls (pt 6)
Maintain this distance.
She's probably tired.
The pace she's keeping
isn't particularly fast.
It seems like he was bitten
right out along with the neck.
Is Eren dead?
He's alive.
Our target seems highly intelligent.
and capturing Eren is
apparently her primary goal.
If she wanted him dead. she
could've crushed him in her jaws.
Instead. she's carefully
holding Eren inside her mouth
while fighting to escape.
Eating Eren may also have been her goal.
If so. he would've ended up in her stomach.
It makes more sense to assume he's dead.
He's alive!
I hope you're right.
If only you'd protected Eren.
this never would've happened!
Now I see...
It was you back then.
You're Eren's close friend.
We'll focus all our manpower on one goal.
First of all. forget about
killing the female-form Titan.
But she killed so many of our comrades!
So long as she can crystallize her
skin. there's no way we can kill her.
Trust my judgment.
We'll keep hoping that Eren is still alive.
and attempt to rescue him
before she leaves the forest.
I'll hack her up...
You draw her attention!
He's fast...
He moves so quickly that she can't
get a chance to harden her skin!
We can go for her neck!
She's tired...
I bet she can't move!
I can kill her!
Stop!
Eren!
Hey!
We need to get out of here!
Eren!
I think he's okay.
He's alive!
Filthy. though.
Don't worry about anything else.
We're pulling back.
Don't lose sight of your primary objective.
Is it more important to get
the revenge you desire?
Isn't he a dear friend of yours?
No. I...
They're returning already?
What happened?
No clue.
I'll bet they're coming back with
a heap of corpses again. though.
Erd is coming home.
I see.
You think Auruo will have time to come home?
It couldn't hurt to make
dinner for him. just in case.
Günther's coming home.
I see.
This is the part I just can't get used to.
Nobody gets used to it.
How are my friends going to die?
How am I going to die?
It's all I can think about.
I try not to dwell on it.
If I imagined the way I'm going to die.
I doubt I'd be able to fight at all.
Yeah.
You're right.
How much longer will I be alive?
You're living now. aren't you?
For the moment.
Isn't that a good thing?
You're alive!
How can you say that in front of
the corpses of those who died?
I'm not even sure I can go home anymore...
We're almost done.
There were five casualties
we couldn't recover.
Not even any parts of them?
We couldn't get close enough
because of the Titans.
It's probably better for the families
if we don't bring those back.
Report them as missing.
Yes. sir.
We've sighted several Titans near the forest.
but none are headed in our direction us yet.
We're moving out now.
Inform the squads.
Yes. sir.
I refuse to accept this. Commander Erwin!
Hey. you...
We should recover them!
Ivan's body was right in front of us!
There was a Titan right next to him!
We'd just end up losing someone else!
If they attack us. we can just take them out!
Ivan and I are childhood
friends from the same village!
I know his parents.
If nothing else. I'd at least
like to bring him home!
Stop being selfish!
Quarreling children?
Captain Levi!
If you confirmed he's dead. that's enough.
Whether or not you have a body. dead is dead.
It doesn't change a thing.
That's...
We'll say Ivan and the others are missing.
That's my final decision.
Leave it at that.
Don't either of you
possess any human feelings at all?!
Hey. Dieter! You're getting too far ahead!
Titans!
That's...
Dieter!
That fool...
The rear guard has sighted Titans!
Full speed ahead!
I don't see any tall trees or buildings.
It will be difficult to fight out here.
We're better off trying
to outrun them to Walls.
They're gonna catch us!
Will we have to fight?
3D Maneuver Gear has limited
functionality in open areas!
And look...
They just keep coming!
Then what'll we do?
We...
No! They'll catch us!
I'll circle behind them!
When I draw their attention. you...
No.
Just abandon the corpses.
Otherwise they'll catch us.
B-But...
On past expeditions. dozens
of bodies never made it back.
These guys will be no different.
Are we doing this?
We're seriously dumping them?!
Damn it...
We have no choice!
Okay!
Keep on going!
As soon as we ascertain our
location. we'll depart.
Stay alert!
We'll have to take a slight
detour to the east...
Captain Levi...
I...
This proves that they were alive.
To me. at least.
This was Ivan's.
Captain...
We're leaving!
Eren. you should give up
on joining the Recon Corps.
What? You're going to
tell me it's stupid too?
That's not it...
The Recon Corps is back!
The front gate's opening!
Let's go. Mikasa!
The heroes have returned!
Only this many made it back?
The rest of them must've been eaten.
That's what you get when you
venture outside the walls.
It's like all our taxes are
spent fattening up the Titans.
Eren?
What is it?
Eren...
Eren!
Don't try to get up yet.
Rest up.
The female-form Titan?
It escaped.
Why?
What happened to others?
What about the plan?
It failed.
Lay still for now.
What's going on?
Did you save me again?
We're almost to the Walls.
Aren't a bunch of them missing
compared to this morning?
Man...
Far fewer...
How horrible.
Just this morning they left to raise
hell. but now they're back already?
What was the point?
Who knows?
But judging by those gloomy expressions.
they managed to gobble up more of our taxes
Eren. just bear with it.
So cool!
The Recon Corps are so awesome!
They get their butts kicked.
but they keep on fighting!
Captain Levi!
My daughter is in your squad.
I'm Petra's father.
Before I see her. I wanted to talk with you.
She sent me this letter.
She said you respected her skills
enough to allow her join your squad.
She swore she'd to devote herself to you.
Well. I guess she's too starry-eyed
to consider her father's feelings!
Anyway. as her father.
I think it's still too early for her to marry.
She's still so young. with
so much left to experience!
Commander Erwin! Answer us!
Did your expedition learn anything
worthwhile to can justify the body count?
Do you really believe the
dead leave no regrets?
The costs and casualties of the
failed expedition were easily enough
to discredit the faction that
had supported the Recon Corps.
As those responsible. including
Erwin. were summoned to the capitol.
it was decided that Eren would be handed over.
www.tvsubtitles.net